Sync v2-6-stable with v2-6-test to release 2.6.1 (#31133)
mistercrunch/Airflow: RELEASE_NOTES.rst

.. towncrier release notes start

Airflow 2.6.1 (2023-05-12)
--------------------------

Significant Changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
No significant changes.

Bug Fixes
^^^^^^^^^

> - Move interleave_timestamp_parser config to section logging (#31102)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move ``interleave_timestamp_parser`` config to the logging section (#31102)
```

> - fix MappedTaskGroup import in taskinstance (#31100)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix ``MappedTaskGroup`` import in taskinstance file (#31100)
```

- Format DagBag.dagbag_report() Output (#31095)
- Fix template error when iterating None value and fix params documentation (#31078)

> - fix EXTRAS_DEPENDENCIES of apache-hive (#31068)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix ``apache-hive`` extra so it installs the correct package (#31068)
```

> - Fix issue in pre-importing modules in zipfile (#31061)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix issue with zipfiles in DAGs folder when pre-importing Airflow modules (#31061)
```

> - Move TaskInstanceKey to a separate file (#31033)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move TaskInstanceKey to a separate file to fix circular import (#31033)
```

> - Fix unable to remove DagRun and TaskInstance with note (#30987)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix deleting DagRuns and TaskInstances that have a note (#30987)
```

- Fix ``airflow providers get`` command output (#30978)

> - Fix Pool schema OpenAPI spec (#30973)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix Pool schema in the OpenAPI spec (#30973)
```

> - Update incorrect config values (#30969)

Reviewer: This feels like a docs-only change really. We should update the wording too.

- Add support for dynamic tasks with template fields that contain ``pandas.DataFrame`` (#30943)
- Use the Task Group explicitly passed to 'partial' if any (#30933)
- Fix ``order_by`` request in list DAG rest api (#30926)
- Include node height/width in center-on-task logic (#30924)
- Remove print from dag trigger command (#30921)
- Improve task group UI in new graph (#30918)

> - Fix mapped states case (#30916)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix mapped states in grid view (#30916)
```

- Fix problem with displaying graph (#30765)
- Fix backfill KeyError when try_number out of sync (#30653)

> - Re-enable clear on TaskInstanceModelView for role User (#30415)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-enable clear and setting state in the TaskInstance UI (#30415)
```

> - Fix DAG.access_control can't sync when clean access_control (#30340)

Reviewer: I have a concern with this change. I think it fixes one issue (empty access_control isn't respected), but creates another (it wipes out any rights not set by access_control initially).

Author: Then I will drop it

> - Prevent DagRun's ``start_date`` from reset (#30124) (#30125)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent DagRun's ``state`` and ``start_date`` from being reset when clearing a task in a running DagRun (#30125)
```

Misc/Internal
"""""""""""""

> - Present affected task instances as table (#30633)
> - Fix missing models in API documentation. (#31021)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show task instances affected by clearing in a table (#30633)
- Fix missing models in API documentation (#31021)
```

Doc only changes
""""""""""""""""

> - Improve Description of dag_processing.processes Metric in Docs (#30891)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve description of the ``dag_processing.processes`` metric (#30891)
```

- Improve Quick Start instructions (#30820)

> - Update faq.rst about missing task logs (#30717)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add section about missing task logs to the FAQ (#30717)
```

> - docker compose doc changes (#30662)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mount the `config` directory in docker compose (#30662)
```

.. towncrier release notes start

> Airflow 2.6.1 (2023-05-12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow 2.6.1 (2023-05-15)
```

Let's do the 15th so we aren't releasing over the weekend again.
